(feat): Add --copy-config-from flag option to stack init (#38)
pulumi/circleci: README.md

| stack           | string  | (none)      | Name of the stack to initialize. |
| secrets_provider | string  | default      | The type of the provider that should be used to encrypt and decrypt secrets (possible choices: default, passphrase, awskms, azurekeyvault, gcpkms, hashivault). |
| working_directory | string | . | The relative working directory to run `pulumi` from. | 

> | copy | boolean | false      | Copies config from an existing stack (default false) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| copy | string | (none) | The stack name from which to copy an existing stack's configuration
```

Author: Whoops! Good catch; thanks 😅

> | stack_config_copy  | string  | (none)     | The stack name to copy from |

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
